Added release doc (#264)
weaveworks/pctl: docs/release_notes/v0.4.0.md

# Release 0.4.0
## Features

> - Added support to define a `--pr-message|-m` flag to define the commit
> message used for created Pull Requests. This was added to `upgrade` and
> `add` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for setting a PR commit message via`--pr-message|-m`  when running pctl `upgrade` or add`.
```
